Don’t eat more if you are a prince.
If you want, it doesn't mean you have to ask for a code.
The table is almost ready to stand now.
I won’t bother you and your sweetheart to rescue you. Brother,
It's so cold, why are you taking people with you without electricity?
Since there has been no electricity, many people have been hit in the eye.
Only here can each side be established,
Say something to you.
I'm going to fuck you. I won't go,
Whatever happened before you, let him go.
I know it's not my sister's fault.
It's the two of us,
Destined but not divided,
sorry.
Take care of each other, you have not sorry for me.
I can tell you something today.
I am already very satisfied,
This is my wedding gift to you
Chichi didn’t give it to you
Can't you say it again?
why should i be angry
Let a few of them go to other election realms.
you are not angry
Not afraid of a few being forcibly taken away